.TH PIPETUI 1 "April 2026" "PipeTUI 0.1.0" "PipeTUI DevOps CLI"

.SH NAME
pipetui \- lightweight DevOps pipeline CLI

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pipetui
[\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
PipeTUI is a lightweight DevOps command line interface for managing
projects, builds, deployments, logs, and monitoring pipelines.

It provides a simple local DevOps workflow without requiring complex
CI/CD infrastructure.

.SH SYSTEM COMMANDS
.TP
.B pipetui start
Start the DevOps monitoring service.

.TP
.B pipetui status
Display the current status of the DevOps system.

.TP
.B pipetui reset
Clear build, deployment, and alert history.

.SH PROJECT COMMANDS
.TP
.B pipetui project add <name> <path>
Register a new project with PipeTUI.

.TP
.B pipetui project list
List all registered projects.

.TP
.B pipetui project info <name>
Display detailed information about a project including:
build status, deployment status, and build statistics.

.SH BUILD COMMANDS
.TP
.B pipetui build run <project>
Run a build for the specified project.

PipeTUI automatically detects the build system:

.RS
npm projects → npm run build
.br
Makefile → make
.br
Python build script → python build.py
.RE

.TP
.B pipetui build history
Show build history across all projects.

.SH DEPLOYMENT COMMANDS
.TP
.B pipetui deploy run <project> <environment>
Deploy a project to a target environment.

.TP
.B pipetui deploy history
Display deployment history.

.SH LOG COMMANDS
.TP
.B pipetui logs show
Display all recorded logs.

.TP
.B pipetui logs filter <level>
Filter logs by severity level (INFO, WARNING, ERROR).

.SH EXAMPLES
Register a project:

.nf
pipetui project add api ~/Projects/api
.fi

Run a build:

.nf
pipetui build run api
.fi

Deploy to production:

.nf
pipetui deploy run api prod
.fi

Filter error logs:

.nf
pipetui logs filter ERROR
.fi

.SH FILES
.TP
.I devops.db
SQLite database used by PipeTUI.

.SH AUTHOR
PipeTUI Development Team

.SH VERSION
PipeTUI 0.1.0